bluetooth: host: Introduce nRF Connect SDK Bluetooth Host (#27863)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/bt/host/shell/host/iso.rst

> Bluetooth: Isochronous Channels Shell

Reviewer: .. bt_iso_ch_shell:

#####################################

Commands
********

.. code-block:: console

   iso --help
   iso - Bluetooth ISO shell commands
   Subcommands:
      cig_create  :[dir=tx,rx,txrx] [interval] [packing] [framing] [latency] [sdu]
                  [phy] [rtn]
      cig_term    :Terminate the CIG
      connect     :Connect ISO Channel
      listen      :<dir=tx,rx,txrx> [security level]
      send        :Send to ISO Channel [count]
      disconnect  :Disconnect ISO Channel
      create-big  :Create a BIG as a broadcaster [enc <broadcast code>]
      broadcast   :Broadcast on ISO channels
      sync-big    :Synchronize to a BIG as a receiver <BIS bitfield> [mse] [timeout]
                  [enc <broadcast code>]
      term-big    :Terminate a BIG

Unicast examples
****************
1. [Central] Create CIG:

Requires to be connected:

.. code-block:: console

   uart:~$ iso cig_create
   CIG created

2. [Peripheral] Listen to ISO connections

.. code-block:: console

   uart:~$ iso listen txrx

3. [Central] Connect ISO channel:

.. code-block:: console

   uart:~$ iso connect
   ISO Connect pending...

>    ISO Channel 0x20000f88 connected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. [Central] Connect ISO channel:

   .. code-block:: console

      uart:~$ iso connect
      ISO Connect pending...
      ISO Channel 0x20000f88 connected
```

4. Send data:

.. code-block:: console

   uart:~$ iso send
   send: 40 bytes of data

>    ISO sending...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Send data:

   .. code-block:: console

      uart:~$ iso send
      send: 40 bytes of data
      ISO sending...
```

.. bt_iso_ch_shell:

Bluetooth: Isochronous Channels Shell
#####################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The ISO shell provides commands for working with Bluetooth isochronous channels from the command
> line.
> It can be used to exercise both connected isochronous streams and broadcast isochronous streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ISO shell provides commands for working with Bluetooth isochronous channels from the command line.
You can use it to exercise both connected isochronous streams and broadcast isochronous streams.
```
